---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "byteset_pipeline Resource - terraform-provider-byteset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Specify the pipeline to seed database.
---

# byteset_pipeline (Resource)

Specify the pipeline to seed database.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "byteset_pipeline" "example" {
  source = {
    address = "..."
  }

  destination = {
    address = "..."
    salt    = "..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address of destination database, which to receive the dataset.

  - Database address format:
	  - mysql://[username:[password]@][protocol[(address)]][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]
	  - maria|mariadb://[username:[password]@][protocol[(address)]][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]
	  - postgres|postgresql://[username:[password]@][address][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]
	  - sqlite:///path/to/filename.db[?param1=value1&...]
	  - oracle://[username:[password]@][address][:port][/service][?param1=value1&...]
	  - mssql|sqlserver://[username:[password]@][address][:port][/instance][?database=dbname&param1=value1&...]

Optional:

- `conn_max_idle` (Number) The maximum idling connections of destination database, 
if the given SQL file is using single transaction, should turn down the "conn_max_idle" to 1.
- `conn_max_open` (Number) The maximum opening connectors of destination database, 
if the given SQL file is using single transaction, should turn down the "conn_max_open" to 1.
- `salt` (String) The salt assist calculating the destination database has changed 
but the address not, like the database Terraform Managed Resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address of source, which to provide the dataset, 
choose from local/remote SQL file or database.

  - Local/Remote SQL file format:
	  - file:///path/to/filename
	  - http(s)://...

  - Database address format:
	  - mysql://[username:[password]@][protocol[(address)]][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]
	  - maria|mariadb://[username:[password]@][protocol[(address)]][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]
	  - postgres|postgresql://[username:[password]@][address][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]
	  - sqlite:///path/to/filename.db[?param1=value1&...]
	  - oracle://[username:[password]@][address][:port][/service][?param1=value1&...]
	  - mssql|sqlserver://[username:[password]@][address][:port][/instance][?database=dbname&param1=value1&...]

Optional:

- `conn_max_idle` (Number) The maximum idling connections of source database.
- `conn_max_life` (Number) The maximum lifetime in seconds of source database.
- `conn_max_open` (Number) The maximum opening connectors of source database.


